deploy/helm/README.md, before:

# security-profiles-operator

![Version: 0.6.1-dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.6.1--dev-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.6.1-dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.6.1--dev-informational?style=flat-square)

The Kubernetes Security Profiles Operator.

## Installation

please refer to [Installation Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/security-profiles-operator/blob/main/installation-usage.md#installation-using-helm)

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | `pod affinity rules` |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | `enable autosclaing or not` |
| daemon.affinity | object | `{}` | `daemonset affinity rules` |
| daemon.tolerations | list | `[]` | `a list of daemonset tolerations rules` |
| enableAppArmor | bool | `false` | `enable apparmor or not` |
| enableBpfRecorder | bool | `false` | `enable BpfRecorder or not` |
| enableLogEnricher | bool | `false` | `enable log enricher or not` |
| enableProfiling | bool | `false` | `enable profiling or not` |
| enableSelinux | bool | `false` | `enable selinux or not` |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | `used for generating labels` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | `specify on which node to deploy the workload` |
| podSecurityContext | object | `` | `pod security contexts` |
| replicaCount | int | `3` | `the number of replicas of the pods` |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"128Mi"` | `memory limits for the pod` |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"250m"` | `cpu requests for the pod` |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"50Mi"` | `memory requests for pod` |
| spoImage.registry | string | `"gcr.io"` | `the registry for the spoImage` |
| spoImage.repository | string | `"k8s-staging-sp-operator/security-profiles-operator"` | `the repository for the spoImage` |
| spoImage.tag | string | `"latest"` | `tag for spoImage` |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | `a list of pod tolerations rules` |
| verbosity | int | `0` | `the log level for the spo` |

Commit message:

tree 11bfc585d3111a47ff4e83aea8de00291c35d520 parent e6008c82a958889fc7aae570965ee82ec9afcca4 author Scott Stuart <sstuart@doximity.com> 1726859834 -0600 committer Kubernetes Prow Robot <20407524+k8s-ci-robot@users.noreply.github.com> 1728975382 +0100
add daemonset resource values to helm chart

deploy/helm/README.md, after:

# security-profiles-operator

![Version: 0.6.1-dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.6.1--dev-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.6.1-dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.6.1--dev-informational?style=flat-square)

The Kubernetes Security Profiles Operator.

## Installation

please refer to [Installation Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/security-profiles-operator/blob/main/installation-usage.md#installation-using-helm)

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | `pod affinity rules` |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | `enable autoscaling or not` |
| daemon.affinity | object | `{}` | `daemonset affinity rules` |
| daemon.resources.limits.cpu | string | unlimited | `cpu limits for the daemonset` |
| daemon.resources.limits.ephemeral-storage | string | `"200Mi"` | `storage limits for the daemonset` |
| daemon.resources.limits.memory  | string | `"128Mi"` | `memory limits for the daemonset` |
| daemon.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` | `cpu requests for the daemonset` |
| daemon.resources.requests.ephemeral-storage | string | `"50Mi"` | `storage requests for the daemonset` |
| daemon.resources.requests.memory | string | `"64Mi"` | `memory requests for the daemonset` |
| daemon.tolerations | list | `[]` | `a list of daemonset tolerations rules` |
| enableAppArmor | bool | `false` | `enable apparmor or not` |
| enableBpfRecorder | bool | `false` | `enable BpfRecorder or not` |
| enableLogEnricher | bool | `false` | `enable log enricher or not` |
| enableProfiling | bool | `false` | `enable profiling or not` |
| enableSelinux | bool | `false` | `enable selinux or not` |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | `used for generating labels` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | `specify on which node to deploy the workload` |
| podSecurityContext | object | `` | `pod security contexts` |
| replicaCount | int | `3` | `the number of replicas of the pods` |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"128Mi"` | `memory limits for the pod` |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"250m"` | `cpu requests for the pod` |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"50Mi"` | `memory requests for pod` |
| spoImage.registry | string | `"gcr.io"` | `the registry for the spoImage` |
| spoImage.repository | string | `"k8s-staging-sp-operator/security-profiles-operator"` | `the repository for the spoImage` |
| spoImage.tag | string | `"latest"` | `tag for spoImage` |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | `a list of pod tolerations rules` |
| verbosity | int | `0` | `the log level for the spo` |
